.TH zacarias 1 "July 30, 2021" "version 0.0.1" "USER COMMANDS"
.SH NAME
zacarias \- a password manager with some (paranoid) data isolation cares.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B zc [\fIOPTIONS\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fIZacarias\fR is a password manager with \fIkernel-mode\fR powers. With this tool all password database encryption/decryption
is done from \fIkernel\fR. The idea here is isolate as much as possible your secrets avoiding any involuntary data leaking,
easier to happen from \fIuser-space\fR context. The name \fIZacarias\fR means \fIthe Lord recalled\fR.
.PP
\fIzc\fR is the \fIuser-mode\fR portion of \fIZacarias\fR password manager. With \fIzc\fR you are able to do your password management
stuff: add, delete and get your passwords, besides installing/uninstalling the \fIZacarias\fR device driver.
.PP
Until now \fIZacarias\fR features:
.PP
- \fIAES-256/GCM\fR to encrypt the password database.

- \fIArgon2i\fR as its \fIKDF\fR.

- Predefined passwords storing.

- Generate new passwords.

- Session password definition.

- Clipboard use avoidance, it types your passwords for you.

- Password database I/O done from \fIkernel-space\fR context.
.PP
To learn more deeply about each implemented \fIzc\fR command you should read the user's manual probably installed in:
.PP
\fI/usr/local/share/zacarias/doc/MANUAL.md\fR (or equivalent in your system).
.PP
.SH EXIT STATUS
If the execution succeeds \fIzc\fR returns zero, otherwise non zero values will be returned.
.PP
.SH
SEE ALSO
.TP
\fI/usr/local/share/zacarias/doc\fR (or equivalent in your system).
.PP
.SH
HOMEPAGE
.TP
<https://github.com/rafael-santiago/zacarias>
.SH AUTHOR
Rafael Santiago and Contributors

